This file is a reverse-engineering log:


FYI The "thick" cables are 2mm in diameter, thin ones are 1mm.

The complete cable assy has the following wires:

- 2x coax cable from LNB's
- grey (only on connector, loopback)
- Thick dark blue
- Thick white
- Thick green
- Thick brown
- Thin red
- Thin orange
- Thin green
- thin white
- thin purple
- thin yellow
- thin black



we got a big ass connector which is for motor control with extra's.
The connector is 9x2 pins. and is a classic MOLEX connector, similar to the ATX power  

The connector has marked the pin count direction on the plastic housing. When from the back, and by back I mean the side of the connector where you INSERT the crimped wires into the housing, the pin count starts from right bottom.

The connector pins house the following wires:

1   Thin black
2   thin yellow
3   NC
4   nc
5   thin purple
6   thin white
7   thin green
8   thin orange
9   thick grey LOOP END
10  thin red
11  NC
12  thick brown
13  thick green
14  nc
15  nc 
16  thick white
17  thick blue
18  thick grey LOOP OTHER END 



Guesses of which pin is what

During normal operation, thick grey loopback has 11V on it


Thick white wire is +11V when satellite goes DOWN,  PWM!
Thick blue wire is +11 when satellite   goes UP,    PWM       
Thick GREY is power loopback, the box wakes up when its connected.

Thick green  PWM input of YAW motor, TURN dish LEFT
thick brown  PWM input of YAW motor, turns dish RIGHT

thin red wire is +11V all the time, no clue what it powers (encoder of potentiometer supply?)
thin black wire is GND for logic stuff I suppose.

thin green is is LOW when antenna is completely down, otherwise HIGH. Probably endstop
thin orange is A ENCODER OUTPUT for antenna PITCH

thin yellow, noisy when motors move.

thin purple is LOW when antenna is centered, otherwise HIGH. YAW endstop,
thin white yaw movement encoder output .


MECHANICAL CONSTRAINT!!

The antenna can move ONLY to the RIGHT when initialised. When you try turning LEFT, there seems to be a mechanical endstop.
It can turn 360 degrees comfortably, and a little over, At some point, somewere around 375 degrees, a mechanical endstop is touched.

PITCH movement limit is around 15 to 75 apparently but I saw it can go further.

https://satenne.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/12/Satenne-R3-Premium-Handleiding2020-2021.pdf